Release 0.1+backports (#34)
siderolabs/terraform-provider-talos: docs/resources/machine_configuration_controlplane.md

### Optional

- `config_patches` (List of String) config patches to apply to the generated config
- `config_version` (String) the desired machine config version to generate (the `version` field of the generated config, currently `v1alpha1`)
- `docs_enabled` (Boolean) whether to render all machine configs adding the documentation for each field
- `examples_enabled` (Boolean) whether to render all machine configs with the commented examples
- `kubernetes_version` (String) desired kubernetes version to run

> - `talos_version` (String) The version of Talos for which to generate configs. **Note**: This parameter defines the machine config schema version generated. To override the installer image (and actually install a different version of talos than the default) please use a config patch.

Reviewer: Reading the note: is there a way to change this to be `schema_version` or something more obvious?

Author: This was just from the cli:

` --talos-version string                     the desired Talos version to generate config for (backwards compatibility, e.g. v0.8)`

maybe we should first fix with a better name, then update here.

Reviewer: Aaaahhh, OK.

```suggestion
- `talos_version` (String) The version of Talos for which to generate configs. **Note**: This parameter defines the desired Talos schema version of configuration generated for backwards compatibility. To change the version of Talos installed, please use a config patch.
```

Author: so basically this allows to generate talos machine config for older talos versions
